welcome to tu casa style
gordmans offers a big selection and big
savings on the hottest brands for the
whole family and your home as well our
face of Fox Brittany flowers drop by and
discovered something unexpected hey
everybody we're over here at gordmans on
the west side at Cottonwood Commons
there are two locations one Coronado
mall and one here so we're just gonna go
in and check it out now here at gordmans
they have everything so let's see if we
can find some awesome gifts so telling
my husband how bad I wanted a crock pot
for Christmas and they have one here for
under ten dollars this snowball tower is
only 599 and this would be perfect for
anybody in your family anyone if you're
a last-minute shopper like me and you're
looking for something under ten dollars
you can buy this perfume for that
special person in your life Gordon ins
has denim for everyone in the family and
their stead of kind of like a department
store but everything is up to sixty
percent off even all of the name brands
they have something for your newborns
your middle school daughter your high
school nice everybody of all ages in
your family now when you're chopping in
the infants and toddlers section of
gordmans your toddlers can be sitting
here just watching TV hanging out in the
gordmans giggles own they have a huge
selection of boots for the whole family
and shoes and they're all really cute
for example I'm buying these boots right
now if you're worried that gordmans only
has clothes you don't have to worry any
longer because they have toys galore
when we say that they have something for
everyone in the family we mean everyone
even your pets if you have a family
member that only wants something for the
house look no further gordmans has that
too like this nice chair super
comfortable they have a ton of home
decor vases clocks frames you name it
they have it if you have a husband who
would way rather watch sports than go
shopping with you then this is your
place because he can sit here and watch
sports while you go shopping
even have sports apparel like gear from
you in it because everyone's a lobo
gordmans is open 8am tip midnight until
Christmas Eve and on Christmas Eve
they're open eight a.m. to six pm and
I'm Christmas they will be closed at
Furman's new merchandise as daily you
can literally come here every day and
find something new so come on by and get
your holiday shopping done very cool
thank you brittany still adding this
epic